update readme (#337)
filecoin-project/ref-fvm: README.md

  - Focus: pre-mainnet preparations.
  - Estimated: June '22.
- Final:

>   - Declared when: FVM v1 is operating mainnet, i.e. when Ph****ase 2 from the [FVM milestone roadmap](https://filecoin.io/blog/posts/introducing-the-filecoin-virtual-machine/) is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Declared when: FVM v1 is operating mainnet, i.e. when Phase 2 from the [FVM milestone roadmap](https://filecoin.io/blog/posts/introducing-the-filecoin-virtual-machine/) is reached.
```
